Upload file to s3: make public a file on upload and allow to configure destination folder (#2385)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/configuration.md

| `s3bucket`      | `CMD_S3_BUCKET`            | **no default**                                                                                                    | AWS S3 bucket name                                                                                                                         |
|                 | `CMD_S3_ENDPOINT ENV`      | **no default**                                                                                                    | S3 API endpoint if you don't use AWS name                                                                                                  |
| `s3folder`      | `CMD_S3_FOLDER`            | 'uploads'                                                                                                         | Folder where the files will be saved inside the bucket                                                                                     |

> | `s3publicFiles` | `CMD_S3_PUBLIC_FILES`      | `false`                                                                                                           | If se to `true` set public permissions to files when uploading to s3 storage                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `s3publicFiles` | `CMD_S3_PUBLIC_FILES`      | `false`                                                                                                           | If set to `true`, a `public-read` ACL is applied to uploaded objects                                                               |
```

Author: Much better

|             | `CMD_S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` | **no default**                                                                                                    | AWS secret key                                                                                                       |
|             | `CMD_S3_REGION`            | **no default**, `ap-northeast-1`                                                                                  | AWS S3 region                                                                                                    |
| `s3bucket`  | `CMD_S3_BUCKET`            | **no default**                                                                                                    | AWS S3 bucket name                                                                                                      |
|             | `CMD_S3_ENDPOINT ENV`      | **no default**                                                                                                    | S3 API endpoint if you don't use AWS name                                                                                                  |

> | `s3folder`  | `CMD_S3_FOLDER`            | 'uploads'                                                                                                         | Folder where the files will be saved inside the bucket                                                                                   |

Reviewer: The `s3publicFiles` option should also be documented.
